EC-243 Elasticsearch in eCommerce description (#1219)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ibexa_dxp_v3.2.md

See [JWT authentication](../guide/security.md#jwt-authentication) to learn how to configure this authentication method.

> ### Searching in [[= product_name_com =]] with Elasticsearch

Reviewer: We should spell our product name in release notes, as they are merged to all versions and it will cause problems with future variable changes.
```suggestion
### Searching in Ibexa Commerce with Elasticsearch
```

> You can now use Elasticsearch for searching in [[= product_name_com =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use Elasticsearch for searching in Ibexa Commerce.
```
